I used to be biased against you.
Maybe you're not what I thought you were
What do you imagine?
frivolous and vicious
Small belly chicken intestines
You really don't know what kind of woman I am
You don't know.
I've been in love with you since I was 18
You don't even know
I also play the piano
Can draw
Good cooking
When you are drunk
I will cook the fishy wine soup for you by myself.
Every shirt of yours is ironed by me
These are all the sacrifices of the original owner.
You didn't know how to cherish when you loved you before
You can take it back at will when you want it back now.
I, Qu Yan, are not an item
Fu Tingchuan
What you're saying now makes sense
How could it be meaningless?
Qu Yan, I never really wanted to know you before
Shall we start over?
Give each other a chance to get to know each other, okay?
late
Not too late
We are not officially divorced yet.
We are still a legitimate couple
You try again.
Can you try it once?
Just once just once
You let me go
You're hurting me.

Sorry, I
our
Do I start my first date tomorrow?
I'll take you to the best western restaurant in town
Why can't this person understand human language?
What should I do if Xiao Qi scum starts chasing his wife crematorium?
Let's talk tomorrow
You go back first, I'm going to rest.
OK, then you have a good rest first
I'll pick you up at noon tomorrow.
The charm of the host is too great
It's been so long
What are you talking about?
If Fu Tingchuan dares to spend the night, I will